>>MIKE RICKSECKER:
You're not thinking
shadow person, or
ghost, or anything
like that at that moment.
You're thinking there's
an intruder in the house.
And I'm frightened.
When it approached
my bed and crossed
the arms, what it was trying to
do is put me into a self-hug.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Let's go
to the black-eyed children.
>>RICKSECKER: They
were really creepy.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>>RICKSECKER: Really creepy.
What happens when you stare
at a light bulb too long?
You no longer see the light.
You just see this dark
silhouette of the bulb.
With Alaska, it's like
this really full cocktail
of different energies.
One of them does happen
to be shadow activity.
>>REGINA: You say since
1988, 16,000 people have gone
missing in the Alaska Triangle.
>>RICKSECKER: It's an
extremely high number.
>>REGINA: A nuclear
bomb also disappeared.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
This is interesting.
>>REGINA: One strange
thing about human beings
is we love to be
frightened and intrigued.
This makes today's
guest particularly fun
because he's going to be
talking about the shadow people.
Some of you may have seen them,
as have I. The trick is not
to let them scare you.
Mike, so good to see you.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
Thank you so much for
having me today, Regina.
Appreciate it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I'm really glad to
have this conversation
because so many
people are frightened
of what we don't understand.
And as a result,
it sets a template.
And when you go into
fear of something,
you create a resonance with it.
That's what people
also don't understand.
[LAUGHS] And then it
just sets things up
for whatever is coming next.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about
you first as a little kid,
and how you got into this
all of this phenomenon.
You do a lot of videos on.
You've also done another
show or two here on Gaia.
Let's talk about
how you ended up
in this field as a little
kid and ultimately going
through a regression
session and recovered
some interesting phenomena.
>>RICKSECKER: Yes.
It was truly fascinating.
And it did start off when I
was about eight years old,
small child laying
in bed one night.
And kind of the
typical story you hear.
Waking up in the
middle of the night
and seeing a tall, dark shadow
in the corner of the bedroom.
And that happened to me.
I was very frightened.
And you're not thinking shadow
person, or ghost, or anything
like that at that moment.
You're thinking there's
an intruder in the house.
Somebody's broken in.
Maybe they're trying
to rob the place.
I don't know.
But it's a tall
figure, tall something.
And I'm frightened.
And I'm trying to scream.
My mouth opens up.
Nothing's coming
out of my mouth.
And it did something
very, very unusual.
It approached my bed.
It leaned over.
I'm staring up in
this blank black face.
There's nothing there.
No eyes.
>>REGINA: No features.
>>RICKSECKER: No features.
>>REGINA: Just like
a shadow of a person.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
It was like a living shadow.
It did something very
unusual after that.
It actually got physical,
grabbed me by the wrists,
crossed my arms across my
body, ran off down the hall,
and of all places into a closet.
No idea why he ran into a
closet, but that's what it did.
Finally found my
voice, found my legs,
ran off screaming to
my parents' bedroom.
And I have very
nice, kind parents.
They're trying to console me,
calm me down, telling me that I
had just had a bad dream.
But I knew I was awake
for this entire thing.
This was not a dream.
This is the first thing
that really set me up
for the research that I've
done throughout my life.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about--
I mean, besides obviously
being frightened
by an intruder, if you were
able during the regression
to recover any other feelings
and senses about the presence
of the shadow person,
whether they felt kind
of cold, ominous, electrical.
Was there any-- what were
the feelings surrounding
the experience?
And later in
hindsight, did it ever
make sense to you that he
positioned your arms like this?
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
What was really fascinating
about the regression was
I actually got to see the
perspective of the situation
from the shadow.
So I was actually looking down
onto my eight-year-old little
body, which, for one, that was
an absolutely fascinating to be
able to see that--
my eight-year-old little self.
But I did get to feel what the
shadow was actually feeling--
this being, this entity.
And for one, it didn't know
at first that I could see it.
It finally figured that
out after I reacted to it.
It was there to study humanity,
to watch, observe, research.
And once it figured out
that I could see it,
because I'm reacting to it.
I'm trying to scream.
Nothing's coming
out of my mouth.
It felt horrible.
It wasn't trying to
make his presence known.
It wasn't trying to scare me.
So when it approached
my bed and crossed
the arms, what it was trying to
do is put me into a self-hug.
>>REGINA: That's
what I was wondering.
It seems like it was
a protective position.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
And another thing I got to
see from that perspective
was it actually patted
me on the wrists,
and then got out of
there, out of the room.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Before anyone else--
before he was detected.
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
>>REGINA: The rest came
down when you're screaming,
running through the house.
So what happened to
you after you viewed it
from that perspective,
now you're
an adult at this
time viewing this?
You are aware of other
phenomena, other experiences.
What did that
regression do in terms
of your understanding of
phenomena just in that glimpse?
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
Well it's really eye-opening.
For one, and this
is something I've
been talking about for years,
not all of these things
are dark, nasty, nefarious.
There are many benevolent
beings out there
that may be taking this shape
or form because of the way
their energy
resonates into our--
>>REGINA: This dimension.
>>RICKSECKER: Exactly.
But what was also
really fascinating
about the questions
that were being
asked during this
hypnotic regression--
one of the questions, of
course, where are you from?
And the response was,
I'm from another space.
The follow-up to that was, do
you mean another dimension?
And the response was, well, you
may call it another dimension
but really, it's another space.
So it's kind of cryptic.
But it leads you to
believe there's something
deeper than our current
understanding of what
dimensions are.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
So in talking with Lee Harris,
who has a new book out,
"Talking With the Z's," right?
They're explaining-- the
person, Dianna Edwards,
asked the questions there.
They're asking the Z's,
this group of beings,
about dimensions.
And could you please--
we don't really
fully get it here.
And it was very interesting
because they set up
an architecture of how
dimensions, planes,
and realms work and intersect.
That's not our
current understanding.
We just kind of see
them as kind of pancakes
of higher and lower.
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: And so
it's interesting you
said that it's another space.
They would probably have said,
it's another localized realm.
So this is all now semantics at
this point that he was seeing,
which is quite interesting.
Because I think these
conversations are good.
It's helping us understand the
nature of the reality that's
around us and permeating
us all the time.
>>RICKSECKER: Exactly.
Yeah.
There's definitely more going
on around us than we perceive.
Human perception-- we can
only see with our eyes
into a certain wavelengths.
We can only hear into
certain wavelengths.
Our body resonates
between a 9 and 16 hertz.
It's a resonance that's limited.
But there's so
much more out there
that every once in a while we
get this little glimpse of.
And that's what some
of these shadows are.
>>REGINA: OK.
So beyond the shadows, you're
talking about these could be--
he said I'm from
a different space.
They could be also--
there are shadow
people of other forms.
We're going to talk about
some of the other kind
of quirky ones like
the hat people,
and black-eyed children and
all that a little later.
But these can be from other
places, other planets, that can
phase in, shift frequencies.
They can be from other
dimensions, right?
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
Yeah.
They could absolutely
be from other planets.
Some of these are certainly ETs.
Some of them are
ultra-terrestrial, something
that's actually here indigenous
to Earth that are just from,
again, what we would
call another dimension.
Some of these are
actually time slips,
where we're seeing another
point in time that's permeating
through to this time.
>>REGINA: OK.
So that means that we need
to start embracing the fact
that Earth itself
is multidimensional.
And we're the Earth species
for the third/fourth dimension.
That's it.
There are many
other species that
are of Earth in her
other dimensions, right?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
There are, in our theoretical
physics, up to 11 dimensions.
And I think we fail
to ask the question,
are there other beings
and entities living
within these other dimensions?
>>REGINA: And I would
say absolutely yes.
[LAUGHS] And if you
look at it from,
say, from the hermetic
point of view, they'll say
there are the seven realms--
the three above Earth, the three
below.
Others will say six
above, six below.
So this gets interesting.
And I'm having fun
kind of talking
with a few different people
sitting in front of me
about this.
We're really comfortable
with the notion
that we have bleed-throughs
from guides and angels.
Oh, my angel told me this.
I can feel them on my
shoulder, and I just love it
when they're in the room.
We're cool with that, right?
But we're not so cool when
someone bleeds in from what
you would call realms below.
Let's just say other spaces
that don't feel as cozy.
So let's talk about
the notion of the realm
just below Earth, below this
frequency going into a second,
into low third
dimensional frequency,
and some of the beings there.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
When we talk about some
of these other beings that
are coming from some of
these other dimensions,
we get this perception
of OK, they may be dark.
And just because they
are dark in nature
does not mean that their
intentions are dark.
We are getting only--
I guess a good
way to put this is
we may be dealing with
several different species that
are using a same energetic
modality to enter
into our plane of
existence here on Earth.
So--
>>REGINA: Well said.
Yeah.
>>RICKSECKER: Thank you.
We do a disservice
when we think,
OK, something is from
a lower vibration,
something is from a lower
realm, so therefore, we
have to cast it off as
evil, nasty, nefarious.
Let's actually get to
know some of these beings
and some of these
entities and find out
what exactly they may be.
What's their intention?
Are they just curious about us?
Do they have some ulterior
motive here on Earth?
Let's find out.
Let's ask the questions.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Very well said.
And that brings up a few
different things, of course.
[LAUGHTER]
So if we're looking at--
OK, there's a book.
It's a highly esoteric book,
that virtually no one knows of,
called "The Golden
Star," by Jean Michaud.
He was a mystical writer
in the 1930s and '40s,
absolutely brilliant.
And this book is taking--
a wise being is taking a
little boy and a little girl
on a tour of the realms--
seven realms-- and
Earth is in the middle.
And what's interesting
about it is you
do have the thundering, roaring,
burning, and destructive lower
frequencies on one end, and
the, essentially, heavenly
kind of frequencies on the
other, and everything in
between.
But what's said is that
all of these go together.
These all influence each other
and play a part in the whole.
As humans live in
the middle band,
that we're to learn from
all of these realms.
So like you say, it may not
be someone in a second realm
may have evil intentions.
But it might be that
their means of survival
is a kind of
consumption and usury.
That's how they survive.
So if they bleed over here we're
thinking, oh, how dare you?
That's horrible
what you just did.
But for them, that's
where they live and work
and that's what survival means
there, just like survival
on our plane, with
all the wars, can
look pretty darn ugly to the
higher planes of Earth beings.
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
And you have, of course, the
whole idea as above so below.
So you have this duality
within our universe.
And everything's connected.
Whether it's a different
dimension, different plane
of existence, the seven
realms, everything
is absolutely connected even
from Earth out into the cosmos.
And I think that's another thing
that we don't usually consider.
OK.
So we talk about
extraterrestrials.
And we always think of some
physical craft coming here
to Earth.
Well, what if some
other intelligent beings
that are out there have learned
some of the different things
that we've been trying
to do here on Earth,
like astral projection,
these sorts of things.
Are they able to project
their consciousness
across the cosmos, maybe
even interdimensionally
to manifest here on Earth?
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I think that's very true.
And I'll just say
a little anecdote.
We had a shadow
person in our house.
It was a tall man, male.
It looked male.
I mean, it didn't have--
it didn't look female
in its proportions.
But it was a shadow, just
like what you described.
And it frightened my son because
he was only three-and-a-half
and he saw him while
he was in the bathroom.
And I just said, he's OK, honey.
He's just a visitor, and
don't worry about it.
But he used to, at
night, push our little--
we had a silk tree for
decoration in the living room.
I'd wake up in the morning
when we used to see the fellow,
and it was pushed over.
And I thought, OK, and
I'd just pick it back up.
But one day, I left the
house and left the water on.
And it was going to be
on for a very long time.
And I thought, oh
my god, the place
is going to be flooded
when I get back.
And when I got back, the
water had been turned off.
No neighbor.
No landlord.
The water was off.
And so I just thanked him.
He didn't stay around much
longer, but he helped us out.
I believe it was him.
Yes.
>>RICKSECKER: There are more
of these lighthearted stories
about shadow entities that
people don't really consider.
They think more of
the dark nature.
But I mentioned earlier
about the incident
that I had when I
was a child, which
seems to be on the outset.
A little scarier in
nature, but turned out
not to be when you found
out the intentions.
But there was another
incident that I
had when I was a teenager.
We had moved from that
house in Massachusetts
to a new house in Ohio.
And as I was unpacking boxes
and putting things away,
I kept seeing this
shadowy figure
in the doorway of my bedroom.
And every time I turned and
looked, it would take off.
It would run off down the hall.
It wasn't fully formed
like that other one
that I saw when I was a child.
It was a little bit different.
It was more translucent.
It was very, very fast.
And this went on
for several days
where I'd be unpacking
boxes, putting things away.
And I'd see the figure
standing into my doorway.
And I'd turn and
look, and off it goes.
So finally, I decided to
ask my mother about it.
And so when I told
her what I was seeing,
she actually admitted to me she
had been seeing the same thing
too, which was great for me for
a couple of different reasons.
One, it's an affirmation
that I'm not crazy.
Mom is seeing this as well.
And two, she didn't
seem alarmed about it.
She was rather nonchalant
about the whole thing.
So it's like, OK, so mom's
not alarmed about it either,
there's no reason for me
to be scared about it.
So I got playful with it.
And I started calling
him Tom, like peeping Tom
because he'd peep in my room.
And any time after
that, I'd say, hi, Tom.
And off he'd go.
So there are more of
these lighthearted stories
out there than people
really give credit for.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And again by this time
you're not afraid of it.
And that really
changes the nature
of what the connection
is going to be also.
And so let me ask
you this, and then I
want to go to the hat man
and then the hooded figure.
Because this is kind of fun.
People like this.
What about the mantis people?
Have you ever heard anything
of the mantis people?
>>RICKSECKER: Well,
it's interesting.
So I have heard of
the mantis people
but not necessarily
in a connection
with shadow entities.
So mantis people-- more of
these beings that are living
underground, that sort of thing.
You see connections
of the mantis people
back into the American
Southwest, Montezuma's Well,
which is really fascinating.
The origin stories to some
different Indigenous peoples
of the area.
And so who are those people?
Are they really-- are they
sentient beings like us?
Or are they crossing over
from some other dimension?
So I guess that would
be the connection there.
Some sort of interdimensional
tie-in to it all.
>>REGINA: To it all.
OK.
Thank you for that.
Let's go to the hat man.
>>RICKSECKER: OK.
Yes, the hat man.
These hat-wearing entities.
This is--
>>REGINA: Cause a lot of people
think they're the men in black.
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
And you go back to
the early 1950s,
if you'll allow me
to tell the story.
>>REGINA: Yes, please.
>>RICKSECKER: Albert K. Bender,
who founded the International
Flying Saucer Bureau in
1952 during the big UFO
flap that year.
And within that first year, he
blew that organization up big.
It was international.
There's offices in
the UK and Australia.
And this is before
we had the internet
and long-distance phone calls.
You weren't making those
until after 9:00 PM
so that the charges were lower.
So it was a lot
more difficult to be
able to create a large
organization like that
internationally.
But he did.
And then all of a
sudden, a year later,
he disbanded the entire thing.
And for awhile, people
thought that there
was some sort of intervention
by the men in black.
And he wasn't really getting
very detailed about what
exactly happened.
He worked a little
bit with Gray Barker.
Gray Barker published a
book giving his suspicions
about the men in
black were involved.
Finally, in the 1960s,
Albert K. Bender
published a book "Flying
Saucers and the Three Men,"
and explained what happened.
And so he tells a
fascinating story
about how he came home one day.
And through the
wall in his bedroom
were these three dark,
shadowy, hat-wearing entities
with glowing eyes,
smelling of sulfur that
told him he needed to stop.
And I hear the story
and I'm thinking, OK,
this is something
paranormal in nature.
These are these shadow entities.
Bender said, well
these were actually
extraterrestrials
that had established
a base in Antarctica.
And they were here
harvesting resources
for a period of 15 years and
told him not talk about it
until they had left Earth.
Other people hear the
story and they say,
these are the men in black.
So it makes you wonder,
are we really talking
about the same thing here?
>>REGINA: Because, often, men
in black is also men in gray.
It's government representatives
who keep a lid on things
and go around and do the
cleanup after events,
and the perception management,
and so forth, which are humans.
Governmental humans--
>>RICKSECKER: There
are those people--
>>REGINA: --from agencies and
shadow aspects of agencies.
So we're talking about two
completely different things,
right?
>>RICKSECKER: We are.
Yeah.
I used to work for the NSA.
I know some of those guys.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
You brought up the sulfur smell
and it just sparked a memory.
So another house of mine--
old house in Sacramento,
in the old part of town--
there's this little
cylindrical area
in the middle of
the living room.
And my son and I
both experienced it.
We called him the garbage man.
And we walked in and
you just said it,
it smelled like sulfur
and garbage burning.
>>RICKSECKER: Oh, fascinating.
>>REGINA: And you
would walk through it,
and it was only 3 or
4 feet in diameter.
And then you'd be on
the other side of it.
And my son would walk through,
or friends, other people
go through.
I don't know if they noticed
it, but we both did and say, oh,
the garbage man's here.
And he would just stand.
He would just stand in one
place, didn't do anything,
just really smelled horrible.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
And things like that
are fascinating where
whatever energy is
manifesting in that moment
will affect several of
our different senses.
And the olfactory
senses are ones that
can be affected by this energy.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So now let's go to
the hooded figures.
>>RICKSECKER: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because this is
a little different story.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
There is a mixture here.
There are stories of
hooded figures doing things
that are little more nefarious
in nature, like pulling
somebody up by the
ankles off of a bed.
I've heard that story
before, and it's like, OK.
But the same exact
person who told
me that story that
happened to her
told another even
more fascinating story
about her young son.
He was very sickly
child when he was young.
And she kept seeing
a dark hooded figure
go into his bedroom.
She'd just see it going
down the hall into his room.
And she thought it was a
harbinger of death at first.
She was like, he's going
to be taken here soon.
And they were going to the
doctor on a consistent basis
to figure out what was
going on with their son.
And there was one
particular day where they
went to the doctor's office.
And they were basically going
to run the same battery of tests
again.
But all of a sudden, the
doctor turned his head
as if somebody was
whispering into his ear,
turned back around to the
husband and wife and said,
you know what, let's
try these other tests
and see if we can figure
something else out here.
They deduced that it was
actually a different illness,
something that was treatable.
The boy turned out fine.
They never saw the
hooded figure again.
And she said, I believe
it was that hooded figure,
even though I couldn't see him
in the room with the doctor
at that time, I believe
that he was there whispering
to the doctor what to do.
And it was the
hooded figure that
was benevolent in this case.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I love these stories
because, again, we
associate light with
right and dark with wrong.
I mean, that goes into
the roots of our language.
>>RICKSECKER: It does.
But you hear these stories
like hospital deathbed scene.
And sometimes you'll
hear a story of light
beams coming and surrounding
the person in their bed.
You also hear sometimes
of, oh, there's
a darker presence that's
there and maybe a shadow
person by the bed.
And the loved ones would
be like, oh, no, they're
going to the bad place.
But we don't, again, think
of the way we perceive
light-- you mentioned earlier.
We only see light in
a certain wavelength.
So it could possibly be that
we are seeing the bodily form
of whatever that entity is.
And the light
emanating from it is so
beyond our visual perception--
>>REGINA: That it looks
like a void, almost.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
it looks like a void.
And I don't recommend
people to actually do this,
but what happens when you
stare at a light bulb too long?
You no longer see the light.
You just see this dark
silhouette of the bulb.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>RICKSECKER: Don't
do that, please.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
Don't do it.
No, that's a very good point.
And so we have a prejudice
in that way about forms,
non-physical forms, in
terms of the hue, right?
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
Let's go to the
black-eyed children.
>>RICKSECKER: OK.
Again--
>>REGINA: Because that
creeps a lot of people out.
>>RICKSECKER: They're
really creepy.
[LAUGHTER]
They are really creepy.
>>REGINA: Those are creepy.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, I don't
believe that they are actually
shadow people.
Again, I think a
connection because I
believe they are some sort
of interdimensional being
or ultra-terrestrial.
The differences here being
that with shadow people,
you don't see facial features.
Black-eyed children, you do.
And, of course, the
most disconcerting thing
are the black eyes.
We see full facial features.
You see clothing
that's very distinct.
>>REGINA: What is the clothing?
>>RICKSECKER: The clothing--
it's very drab in nature,
usually, kind of grey tones.
They may be wearing a
little bit of black,
but it's usually off-white drab.
They talk in a very monotone
voice, which is another thing.
The black-eyed
children are verbally
speaking through their mouth,
while with shadow entities,
most people don't
actually hear a voice.
But the ones that do, claim that
it's something more telepathic
in nature.
Something it's more of
a thought transference
rather than verbal.
So that's very different.
Also shadow entities,
you freely move about.
They're in and out
of your home at will,
where black-eyed children
have to be invited in.
>>REGINA: I find
that part interesting
because they'll find
sometimes a clever way
to get invited in, almost a
manipulation into being invited
in.
Has anyone figured out
why whatever the standards
they're working by
require an invitation?
>>RICKSECKER: It is a
question that I don't think
anybody's really figured out.
[LAUGHS] You hear
like some vampire
lore that vampires
need to be invited in.
So is it the same sort of thing?
Is it a cultural
thing like that?
I don't think we've
really figured that out.
But you do hear
some stories of when
one is invited in-- they
can also approach a car
and be invited into a car, which
is another fascinating topic.
But terrible things seem
to happen following that.
People have gotten into car
accidents or terrible things
happen at home,
that sort of thing.
So that's why people say,
don't invite them in.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Well, so there's a warning.
Don't invite them in.
But you say that
their prevalence is
a little bit on the increase?
>>RICKSECKER: It seems to be.
You hear more of the
stories that are starting
to enter into our lexicon.
Part of it is, we have more
people in the world today.
So more people are going
to report experiences.
But I also believe
that because people
are more open to talking about
these subjects these days.
Back in the day,
it was very taboo.
If you talked about
these sorts of things,
you may find yourself in
a straitjacket somewhere
and put away.
But these days,
with the internet,
with the various television
shows that are out there--
this show right
here, "Open Minds,"
where it helps people to become
more comfortable with talking
about these subjects,
like, oh, I'm not
the only one experiencing this.
Other people are
experiencing this too.
Let me tell my story.
So I think that plays
into it as well.
>>REGINA: What about the
notion that you've talked about
before that some of these
are projections of ourselves,
of our own consciousness?
>>RICKSECKER: Yes.
There's a variety of different
ways this can happen.
One, astral projection.
I talked a little bit
about that earlier.
Are extraterrestrials
projecting themselves here?
Well, what about ourselves?
Plenty of people know how to
astral project these days.
And the example I like to
give is take a grandmother who
lives 500 or 1,000 miles
away from her daughter
and her granddaughter
wants to go visit,
knows how to astral project.
So maybe she's meditating
at night, projects
to go visit her daughter--
>>REGINA: Unbeknownst to her
and unbeknownst to all parties.
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
Yeah.
Unbeknownst to her daughter
and her granddaughter.
Goes into her room
at night, looks down,
well, there's my
daughter sleeping.
Goes into the
granddaughter's room,
oh, there's my
granddaughter sleeping.
Maybe the granddaughter wakes
up and sees-- what does she see?
It's energy
consciousness that has
been projected into the room.
Does it show up as a shadow?
Does it show up into--
some people report
seeing a shimmer-type person?
How does that energy
manifest in the room?
>>REGINA: Because there
is a direct entanglement
through love and emotions.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
Yeah.
Love is quantifiable.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And so
that can actually
allow for that manifestation,
even though that's not
the intention on the
part of the person who
is wishing to see
their granddaughter
or the one on the receiving end.
It's just something
that can manifest
through that
entanglement of love
and the power and magnetism
of those emotions.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
Even going back to my
very first experience.
That entity wasn't
intended to be seen.
But its energy permeated through
whatever its true intentions
were, which I
believe now was just
some sort of research mission.
But with an astral
projection, love, intention,
that energy does bleed through
from one dimension to another.
And another
fascinating topic when
we look at this,
dealing with shadows,
are time slips, something
that can bleed through
from another moment in time.
So I personally believe time is
all concurrent-- past, present,
future, all happening
at the same time.
And I've heard some
fascinating stories
that some people
would consider them
like a doppelganger-type story.
There's a fascinating story by
the famous German poet, Goethe,
where he talks
about, essentially,
seeing himself walking down
the street from the other side.
Not realizing at first,
but years later realizing,
wait a minute, that was myself.
But people would call
that a doppelganger.
It was not.
It's some sort of time slip.
And a story that was related
to me a couple of years
ago now was this young man,
when he was a small child,
had walked into the kitchen,
saw a tall, dark, hooded figure
standing by the kitchen table.
Scared him to death.
He ran out of the room.
Years later, he's
in the kitchen.
He's at the table.
He's making himself a sandwich.
He's wearing a hoodie.
And all of a sudden
in the doorway,
he sees this smaller shadow
person walk into the room,
and then run back out.
And it hits him.
Wait a minute, that was me.
So what happened there?
It was some sort
of slip in time.
And it only manifested itself as
a shadow, not as any full being
in that moment.
>>REGINA: That's so fascinating.
I mean, just that part
there gives us something
to think about.
That and the other one about
the projection of consciousness
through desire or
love or whatnot.
So we can spend
some time after this
just over thinking
about all that.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: But this
is fascinating.
And a lot of this stuff happens
in more energetically charged
places in the world.
And everybody knows about
the Bermuda Triangle and such
and what's happened there.
I mean, we may not
understand the full dynamics
of what has happened,
but the things do happen.
Same thing in the
Alaska Triangle.
And you've written
about this extensively.
Let's talk about these energized
places and introduce us
to the Alaska Triangle.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
Absolutely.
You have these amazing places
in the world, very volatile
in nature, a lot of energy--
Bermuda Triangle,
Alaska Triangle,
Dragon Triangle by Japan.
With Alaska, it's like
this really full cocktail
of different energies.
So you have the
Earth's magnetism,
that vortex energy rising
up out of the ground,
interacting with
different minerals
within the ground that
creates this type of energy.
And in fact, the US Department
of the Interior in the 1960s--
it was only 100,000 square
miles that they were actually
to survey because Alaska
is very remote and desolate
in many areas.
But within that, they discovered
five magnetic characters,
is what they called it.
And within those
different characters,
they had what they described
as negative anomalies, which
basically adhered to this
idea of energetic pockets
that would create
different disturbances.
So you have that.
You have the seismic
energy that's there
from all of the earthquakes.
The largest earthquake that
ever happened on this continent,
at least that we
were able to measure,
happened there in
Anchorage, Alaska.
You have volcanic activity.
That energy that's
there within Alaska.
You also have solar flares
that are pounding the area,
as well as the aurora borealis.
So all of this energy
creating a myriad of different
anomalies that happen there.
And one of them
does happen to be
shadow activity, which
I witnessed there
when I was working.
I was enlisted in the
United States Air Force
working in the basement of
the Alaska command building.
And we saw several
shadows moving
in and about the
communication center
down there, mostly in
the back office area.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about
some of the military activity,
missing flights, missing bombs.
Let's talk about some of that.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
Yeah.
Some very-- they're sad tales.
The families of these people
never saw their loved ones
again.
One of the most
famous flights that
went missing in 1950, which
was a Douglas Skymaster.
44 people went missing in that.
It was a January
day, perfectly fine.
No terrible weather.
And as the flight was crossing
over Alaska into Canada,
into the Yukon territory, it
just completely disappeared off
the face of the map.
Nobody knows whatever
happened to it.
So the larger search and
rescue mission at that time
was put together.
There were American
and Canadian troops
that were running joint
exercises at that time.
They called thousands
of soldiers off of those
exercises to go out
there and search.
Hundreds of hours of flight
time to search overhead.
Nothing was ever found.
And what's ironic-- a
couple of different things.
One, about four
weeks later, there
was a smaller flight that went
down around that same area
where the Skymaster was
supposed to have disappeared.
They found that immediately.
Not a problem.
Here's this larger
plane still missing.
And then also just before
the Douglas Skymaster
went missing and just after it,
were a couple of UFO sightings.
>>REGINA: That's what I
was just going to bring up.
So this sounds to me as
though there would be
UFO activity at the same time.
So we're looking at--
I mean, it's cold comfort.
But the notion that perhaps this
craft was taken into another
and taken for a
reason elsewhere,
and that those people may
actually still exist for all we
know.
That's the cold
comfort part of it,
if you can wrap your
mind around anomalies,
is that, yes, we've lost them.
We're not going
to see them again.
But they may be alive
and well in another place
under the care of some
other species even perhaps.
And this happened also not
just there but also to boats?
>>RICKSECKER: It
happens to boats.
Boats will go missing.
You see that a lot in
the Bermuda Triangle.
There's more water there.
>>REGINA: Right.
Yeah.
Boats going missing.
But this is the
thing that I found
interesting in
researching for this
is, you say since 1988,
16,000 people have gone
missing in the Alaska Triangle.
>>RICKSECKER: It's an
extremely high number.
You think about the
population of Alaska.
It's around the same population
as the city of San Francisco.
>>REGINA: Very low pop--
>>RICKSECKER: So if you
were to say 16,000--
>>REGINA: Yeah,
very unpopulated.
>>RICKSECKER: --people went
missing in San Francisco.
Yeah.
And some of these are--
they're in broad daylight.
About 10 years ago, during
the Mount Marathon Race,
which is there in
Seward, Alaska--
very public event--
and one individual
went up the mountain,
never came back down.
It just disappeared in
front of all these people.
Scores of people went up looking
for did he fall off the path?
No body was ever found.
Nothing.
It just disappeared in the
middle of a very public race.
>>REGINA: OK.
So this brings up
another whole potential.
And that is, if we
could look at the soul
source of the people on Earth,
we're from all over the place.
We're hybrid species.
We're basically a
mixed bag of entities
from all over the cosmos
who incarnate as human.
And so if that's the case, I've
often considered the notion
that it's like when you
talk about abduction cases
and so forth,
because that's also
a mixed bag for most people.
That there may be an
agreement between this soul
and some of their own people
from where they had originally
been or had been before
to do some work together,
to collaborate,
do some research,
even come back and have your
body diagnosed and so forth,
what's going on Earth.
So I think that
there are occasions
where there is
actually collaboration
between the people that are
quote, "abducted and disappear"
and whatever beings
may have taken them up.
That it's not always
without consent
on at least a soul level,
if not a conscious level.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
Because what were we
before we were here?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
We're from all over.
>>RICKSECKER: We're
from everywhere.
I kind of refer to
it as the home world.
But what have we agreed to
before we came down here?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>RICKSECKER: So there may
be a contract in place,
like you were saying,
that at some point maybe
we'll be taken off to the side.
Some of these disappearance
cases, people do reappear.
And they tell some
interesting stories
how they were on the path
walking through the woods,
heard something off to
the side of the path,
went to take a look, took
two steps off the path,
and then all of a sudden,
the path was gone.
And they're out in the
middle of the woods,
in the middle of nowhere.
How did they get there?
Fortunately, they're found.
But where did they
go in the interim?
Yeah.
Was there some sort of
agreement already in place
to go ahead and have
some investigation done?
>>REGINA: I don't
think it's all hostile.
>>RICKSECKER: No.
>>REGINA: I mean, it's
not as though there
aren't some entities
with untoward motives
towards humanity.
I think there are.
I think we can all even
witness that day to day.
We can also witness
it within our species.
And I think if we
hold the same--
would you call it standard
for other species,
I wouldn't be holding
us up very high
as the human species in
terms of motives with some
of the people on this planet.
So I do think that
it is possible.
I just wanted to bring
that up that I don't think
all abductions and
all missing people are
without some kind
of a soul design,
though I'm sure
some probably are.
Some are caught off
guard and by surprise.
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
And this is what I say.
It's very simplistic in nature.
I say this a lot when it
comes to the shadow entities,
because a lot of people think
they're dark, evil, nefarious.
No.
I believe these
entities, whether it's
a shadow entity, or an
ET, or what have you,
that they're like humans.
Some humans are good.
Some humans are bad.
Some of these other
beings are good.
Some of them are bad.
You're going to have this mix.
And it's really a
matter of trying
to figure out, investigate,
and discern, which is which.
>>REGINA: And I
think we're at a time
now, a crossroads
in our own history,
where we're going through a
type of evolution as a species.
I do believe that-- and
for the better, definitely.
But we are the
subject of curiosity,
I think, of a lot of
species within our cosmos
because we're not
normal in a certain way.
We are so hybridized.
We do have free will.
We are working with each
other, for each other,
against each other.
And you're seeing every kind
of possible manifestation
of free will.
And I think this is
of extreme interest.
Not only that-- what happens
if unwise decisions are
made regarding your
host planet and you
start creating toxicities?
This seems to be a
concern of most ETs
that show up everywhere is this
toxicification of our planet
and thus consuming these
foods from a toxic planet--
water, air, et cetera.
What that's doing to the
development of the human being?
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
I mean, we may actually be
some sort of test bed planet.
You know, what happens if
given a certain situation--
because I don't believe
we're originally from here.
We're different than every
other animal on this planet.
So where did we
originally come from?
And are we a lost colony?
Are we a test bed?
What is actually going
on with our planet?
But yes the rest of the cosmos
are very, very interested
in what we're doing here.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so for that reason, they're
observing, and sometimes taking
people, and sometimes
not giving them back.
And then some hybridized
programs going on out there,
too.
I mean, it's
definitely a mixed bag.
I just wanted to plant
the notion, the seed,
that not all of it is as
hostile and dark as we tend
to think it is because we
don't understand it consciously
in the moment.
The one thing I wanted
to ask you about--
I have written down here
and didn't-- and this is
interesting because this
has been done before,
a nuclear bomb also disappeared.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
This is interesting.
>>REGINA: 12 of 17 people on
that plane were recovered too.
Let's talk about it.
>>RICKSECKER: There are
others that are missing.
Yes.
This also happened in 1950.
It was coming out of
Eielson Air Force Base.
And en route-- basically, it
was over the Pacific Ocean
not too far from
the Juneau area.
And the plane started
malfunctioning.
And they had the
nuclear bomb on board.
Basically, they
were doing a test
run to see how far they could
go with a nuclear bomb on board
because of Russia.
So they're doing a test.
Plane starts malfunctioning and
they need to ditch the bomb.
And they actually had some
issues with discharging it.
And they claim, well,
it wasn't really armed.
But basically, you have a bomb
that dropped into the ocean.
That's still down there.
It's never been recovered.
The plane itself, they
didn't find for years.
They finally found it in Canada
on the side of a mountain.
But yeah, only 12 of 17 of the
personnel were ever recovered.
It's a bizarre incident.
>>REGINA: So are
you still looking
into what's going on
at the Alaska Triangle?
>>RICKSECKER: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK.
So anything since your report,
since you've written your book,
just before we sign off here,
some of the juiciest cases,
a couple of the juiciest
things happening right now.
>>RICKSECKER: Oh.
What's interesting is
a lot of the research
that I've been doing
there is more--
it dives into the past,
although you can--
what I'm interested in is tying
what's going on in present day
to the past.
>>REGINA: Doing the forensics.
>>RICKSECKER: Right.
There you go.
Doing the forensics.
And I've been really interested
in some of these stories
that you can actually
tie from Alaska back
to the ancient world.
And people don't
really understand this
that giants have been
found in Alaska and--
>>REGINA: They're all over.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
They're all over.
But people don't
ever really think
of Alaska giants,
these sorts of things.
And you look back into
some of the old tales that
were passed down through
the Inuit culture
that they are very reminiscent
of the whole begetting
of the nepheline
and the giant race.
And what are these
stories doing in Alaska?
And so I've been working with a
couple of individuals, natives
there in Alaska.
And they are getting
that information for me
of either the old giant tales
or from their culture of some
of these different supernatural
beings like the Kushtaka
and some of these other
entities and beings
that have been seen up there.
And they're all
interrelated to each other.
But they came from
the old world.
They came from
the ancient world.
>>REGINA: Right.
Now that's fascinating
because you're right.
Our attention usually turns
to the Middle East or Egypt--
ancient Egyptian
cultures as well.
It doesn't-- we don't think
of Alaska when we think back
to the ancient ones
and the giants.
>>RICKSECKER: Well, there's
even tie-ins to ancient Egypt
because we talk
about the possibility
of the Black Pyramid in
Alaska, which people believe
is twice the size
of the Giza Pyramid
and which could have also
been used as a power plant.
Christopher Dunn's theory
of the Giza Power plant.
>>REGINA: That's right.
Yeah.
>>RICKSECKER: And I'm not so
certain on the whole part,
but definitely some
sort of machine.
Because you go into the
queen's chamber, that niche--
>>REGINA: For purpose.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
definitely purpose.
There's vitrification in the
stone there, scored, charred
from some sort of fire that's
back there on the stone.
It's like something
very, very hot was here.
It was not a place for an idol
that mainstream archaeology
tries to tell us.
This was some sort of machinery.
So with all these
connections that you
see of these different
pyramids across the world,
if there really is a Black
Pyramid there in Alaska,
did it have that same sort of
machine-like purpose to it?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
From my understanding, there
are pyramids literally littered
around the world
that are still active
that are under the surface.
Because we're talking
hundreds of thousands of years
the pyramids have been around
in cultures all over the world.
And, of course, they're
covered by the sands of time.
But think about the notion--
they're still active.
And then you also
think about the notion
of what you talked
about a while ago, which
is they discovered these
positive and negative vortices,
so to speak.
I mean, this has been
determined scientifically.
And so where does
this all fit in?
If we have these
pyramids under the ground
and are unaware of
them until we start
investing the money and
Earth penetrating radar
and trying to find them all.
These things are active.
And they're affecting what's
going on above the land.
>>RICKSECKER: Oh, absolutely.
There are stories about
pyramids in Antarctica.
And you see these recent
studies coming out
of Antarctica from
the ANITA project
and the IceCube
project of neutrinos
running in reverse out of
the ground without a source.
And so scientists-- actual
peer-reviewed scientific papers
coming out now saying that this
is actually a parallel universe
running in reverse time.
These are scientists
saying this.
>>REGINA: This Is what
mentor Samantha Lawton
has been saying all along.
We have a mirrored
universe running
in parallel reverse time.
And she's really quite
brilliant herself.
So I don't know if
that's an area you're
really digging into, but I
want to have a conversation
with someone about that.
So we'll come back
and do that one.
>>RICKSECKER: Sounds great.
>>REGINA: OK.
Mike, thank you so much.
>>RICKSECKER: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: I really
appreciate the time.
This has been a lot of fun.
It's been enlightening.
A lot of new thoughts
for us to ponder.
So thank you.
>>RICKSECKER: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: To see more
videos and pick up
a copy of Mike's new book,
"A Walk in the Shadows,"
you can go to major booksellers
or mikericksecker.com.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]